Welcome to all for ReactJS
1. why do you want to learn react?
         so many Jobs
facebook released react in 2013 and made it as open source. current industry expects more react developers since vibe coding goes with react

2. course structure:
       requirements: HTML,CSS,JS
       Timings : 9.10-15 AM --- 10:45-50 AM
       topics:
           i. introduction
           ii. JS necessary concepts
          iii. Installation, first react app
            iv. folder structure
           v. components
          vi. props
          vii. context API
         viii. state, effect
         ix. hooks
          x. routing
         xi. forms
         xii. libraries
       xiii. Redux & Redux toolkit
  Duration: after demo : 30-40 days
  projects: 10+ mini projects, 1 major project (OTT/Ecommerce/open source library)
   
3.  what is React?
          React is a JS library which is used to create single page applications and better user interfaces. 
React is developed by meta in 2010 but it is used internally and got it open sourced in 2013. React uses components to build interfaces
component is a reusable UI code

   is react and react native are same?
   no, react is used for web application/web pages
   react native is used for mobile applications

   which is better react or angular
   React is developed and maintained by meta. Angular is developed and maintained by Google
   React follows simple component architecture
   Angular follows MVC(model view controller) architecture
   React is a library and Angular is a framework

3. Advantages of React:
     i.  Efficient : React uses virtual DOM to make code more efficient
     ii. components :  React follows component based architecture so we can create simple components and reuse them multiple times
    iii. JSX: react uses simple format called JSX(javascript extensible) to make code easy to write
   iv. Easyness: React is relatively easy when compared with angular or vue.
  v. large community: There are lot of developers who uses React so it easy to catch up the queries using the communities.

Tools:
     1. download install VS code
     2. download & install  git
    3. create an account in github
    4. download & install nodejs













   






















     








